A billion. You know what a billion looks like?
Let you pick it up now
You can't pick up a billion in such a short time
Bragging again.
That's right.
Who believes who is a fool
Hmph, I really don't know the sky and the earth
Do you know what a billion is?
Open your mouth and dare to say that you have made 1 billion
I don't understand what a billion is
Is it you?
Even if my best friend
Sun Hongyu, the first guardian of Jiangnan
After so many years of hard work
A merchant who only made 1 billion
You are a bad gambler
In such a short time
Can you make a billion dollars?
You said everyone here
Who is not a business person without legal person law?
Quietly you ask them
Do you think they believe it?
I don't believe a bad gambler can borrow me to pay it back
I don't believe a gambler can still be a business genius
I can't believe it. I've been working hard for more than 5 years
Get help from Mr. Sun
The net worth is just over 100 million
You've been in business for less than a month
Dare to say that you have 1 billion net worth
This is ridiculous.
He keeps saying that he has earned 1 billion
Who can testify?
I can testify
I can also testify
You both work together in two languages
Of course I will speak for Yiqiu
Humph
You slander my husband
I have a girlfriend
What happened when I hit you?
Dad, look at the three of them
All three of them hit me
You have to call the shots for me
outrageous
Somebody call the law enforcement team up
Take these three vulgar people to jail for me